README.md, before:

# Week One Assignment
---

This is a simple Java project that defines 2- and 3-dimensional vectors and square matrices of orders 2 and 3.
The code in this project is not intended to be particularly efficient.

---

## Vectors
The vector classes come with accessors and mutators for every component of the vector.

### Supported operations:
- **Magnitude:** the scalar length of a vector.
- **Unit vector:** a vector with a magnitude 1 in the same direction as the original vector.
- **Addition:** tip-to-tail addition of two vectors.
- **Subtraction:** tip-to-tail subtraction of two vectors.
- **Scalar multiplication:** multiplication of a vector by a scalar, producing a vector.
- **Scalar division:** division of a vector by a scalar, producing a vector.
- **Dot product:** the dot product of two vectors. (Scalar)
- **Cross Product:** the cross product of two vectors. (Vector orthogonal to original vectors) _Note: 2-dimensional vectors can also return scalar products, because the cross product of 2-dimensional vectors is always perpendicular to the plane they lie on._

---

## Matrices

### Supported operations:
- **Addition:** matrices of the same order can be added to produce a new matrix.
- **Subtraction:** matrices of the same order can be subtracted to produce a new matrix.
- **Multiplication:** multiplication has yet to be implemented.
- **Division:** division has yet to be implemented.

Commit message:

Added matrix multiplication, scalar operations, determinant, and trace. Updated README.

README.md, after:

# Week One Assignment
---

This is a simple Java project that defines 2- and 3-dimensional vectors and square matrices of orders 2 and 3.
The code in this project is not intended to be particularly efficient.

---

## Vectors
The vector classes come with accessors and mutators for every component of the vector.

### Supported operations:
- **Magnitude:** the scalar length of a vector.
- **Unit vector:** a vector with a magnitude 1 in the same direction as the original vector.
- **Addition:** tip-to-tail addition of two vectors.
- **Subtraction:** tip-to-tail subtraction of two vectors.
- **Scalar multiplication:** multiplication of a vector by a scalar, producing a vector.
- **Scalar division:** division of a vector by a scalar, producing a vector.
- **Dot product:** the dot product of two vectors. (Scalar)
- **Cross Product:** the cross product of two vectors. (Vector orthogonal to original vectors) _Note: 2-dimensional vectors can also return scalar products, because the cross product of 2-dimensional vectors is always perpendicular to the plane they lie on._

---

## Matrices

### Supported operations:
- **Identitity matrices:** multiplicative identity matrices.
- **Addition:** matrices of the same order can be added to produce a new matrix.
- **Subtraction:** matrices of the same order can be subtracted to produce a new matrix.
- **Scalar multiplication:** multiply a matrix by a scalar.
- **Scalar division:** divide a matrix by a scalar.
- **Matrix multiplication:** multiplication of two matrices.
- **Determinant:** determinant of matrices.
- **Trace:** the trace of matrices.
